Add DE wiki page with instructions (#66)
cryptic-game/cryptic: README.md

An open-source open-world multiplayer hacking game.

## What is it?

> Cryptic is an deep strategy game. The goal of this deep strategy game is to hack other players and think creative like real hackers. You only start with a virtual computer and a few crypto coins. You must think carefully about your actions before attacking another player and learn the basics of the game. But it's not hard to get started.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cryptic is a deep strategy game. The goal of this deep strategy game is to hack other players and think creatively like real hackers. You only start with a virtual computer and a few crypto coins. You must think carefully about your actions before attacking another player and learn the basics of the game. But it's not hard to get started.  
```

## How to play the game?

Nothing easier than that. Just three steps to start.

### 1. Choose a client

Play the game in [your browser](https://play.cryptic-game.net/).  

As Cryptic supports many clients to play, you can also play in a virtual terminal, e.g. [PyCrypCli](https://github.com/Defelo/PyCrypCli).  

More clients are available on the internet. If you want, you can even develop your own client. (**Bots are not allowed!**)  

### 2. Choose a server

The main server is hosted on wss://ws.cryptic-game.net/ (and automatically used when you play in the browser), but you can [host your own](https://github.com/cryptic-game/server) for family and friends.

### 3. Create an account and have fun

[Create a Cryptic account to play](https://play.cryptic-game.net/signup) and become the strongest hacker of Cryptic.  

> Refer to our [wiki](https://wiki.cryptic-game.net/books/spielanleitung) (German) for instructions or visit our Youtube channel for Let's Play videos.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to our wiki for [German](https://wiki.cryptic-game.net/books/spielanleitung) or [English](https://wiki.cryptic-game.net/books/game-manual) instructions or visit our Youtube channel for a Let's Play video.
```

## Support our team!

Contribute to Cryptic to become part of our team.

> Cryptic is driven by a not profit-oriented team that maintains the game, adds new features and releases new versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cryptic is driven by a non-profit-oriented team that maintains the game, adds new features, and releases new versions.
```
